Add the port forward option in the instruction on how to provision an… (#2224)
kyma-project/control-plane: docs/kyma-environment-broker/08-01-provisioning-kyma-environment.md

   ```bash
   export AUTHORIZATION_HEADER="Authorization: Bearer $ACCESS_TOKEN"
   ```

> Alternatively, you can perform `kubectl port-forward` on the chosen pod to expose it on your local machine. Assuming that KEB is installed in the default namespace, expose it to port `8080`:

Reviewer: KEB is always installed in the "kcp-system" namespace, so the command is:
```
kubectl port-forward -n kcp-system deployments/kcp-kyma-environment-broker 8080
```

   ```bash
   export AUTHORIZATION_HEADER="Authorization: Bearer $ACCESS_TOKEN"
   ```

> Alternatively, you can perform `kubectl port-forward` on the chosen pod to expose it on your local machine. Expose it to port `8080`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can perform `kubectl port-forward` on the chosen Pod to expose it on your local machine. Expose it on port `8080`:
```
- According to our [guidelines](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/docs/guidelines/content-guidelines/02-style-and-terminology.md#camelcase), we capitalized `Pod`. 
- `To` or `on` port? Can you check with a dev?

```bash
  kubectl port-forward -n kcp-system deployments/kcp-kyma-environment-broker 8080
```

> You should get information about the successful forwarding. For example:  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As a result, you get information about the successful forwarding. For example:  
```

Try not to use `should`, as it leaves too much room for ambiguity: `should`, but there's an option you get something else? What then? 

Also, I wouldn't say this is necessary to include this result here at all.

Author: Tbh I practically copied it from another doc, but - sure - there's always scope for improvement :)

```bash
  Forwarding from 127.0.0.1:8080 -> 8080
  Forwarding from [::1]:8080 -> 8080
```  

> 1. Make a call to the Kyma Environment Broker to create a Runtime on Azure. Find the list of possible request parameters [here](03-01-service-description.md).

Reviewer 2: Why do we have step 1 after step 2? 
If it's part of this "alternative", then we should think about how to restructure this section, for example, put the whole section in two [toggle panels ](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/docs/guidelines/content-guidelines/05-documentation-toggle.md)for two alternatives.
